yep 1000cc baby oh yeah you see oh yeah
hard to handle away you know pros gotta
do what you got to do sometimes yeah I'm
sayin gotta call canyons in the rain you
know I'm sayin drag my knees you know
kitchen cars but this is the oh yeah
the street fight tell me what's so nice
about this bike all right first of all
let's see first of all really like
motorcycle oh yeah I'd really like
motorcycle a lot better than 802 any new
rider out there who's trying to get a
toothpick are you sure you know if
you're that's a great bike you know
Kawasaki is do making bikes which is my
only one but you know if you're looking
for a small motorcycle I mean you won't
even find any of these anymore you've
got 400 CCS so it's not gonna kill you
and it's probably just as light as a
ninja 250 what looks a lot more sexier
yeah I agree man you know man this is
easy
it gives you great get great gas mileage
kinda it sounds pretty badass
you know I just want to turn it on right
now no no you know it hasn't been turned
a couple of weeks but I'm sure you'll
fire round up if I need to and uh mr.
Honda blue man they don't make these
anymore classic smurf blue yup exactly
smart blue man smart blue yeah
can't go wrong with look at the
condition excuse me but man you just go
through with all this look at this mint
condition steel brake lines we can
suicide mirrors revs up to 13 and a half
thousand damn thousand one doesn't rpm
yeah okay
who knew bet you can do definitely haul
ass
compared to any minute 250 no matter
what nobody spots on this linear power
delivery great reliability Honda Motors
full can you say can't doesn't match
your jacket
doesn't match my jacket cuz it's not
mine but I would love to owner to behind
the money that kind of matches your
jacket that is the great butters to fit
onto our next point